the movie starts
we see george clooney in the role of
danny ocean
in the very first scene he was released
from jail
and meets his partner in crime rusty
ryan
the role of rusty is being performed by
brad pitt
whereas danny was released from prison
under one condition
that he won't leave his city
but he violates the rule
in the next scene we see danny and rusty
go to las vegas from california
here they meet their old partner reuben
here they explain to ruben about their
plan of robbery
firstly reuben denies it
but after learning the details of the
plan he says yes
basically they plan of robbing the three
big casinos of las vegas the owner of
all these casinos is named terry
terry and reuben both were old enemies
that's why reuben agrees to accompany
them
along with this reuben also finances
while discussing the plan they talk of
bellagio named casino which was big and
all
all of the earnings from three casinos
are brought in this casino
if we rob this casino we may not have to
go to other casinos
and there they estimate 160 million us
dollars in the next scene we see danny
and rusty make a team
in which different specialty people were
added
someone was expert in security and
someone know casino management very well
and someone knows explosives work quite
well
all of the team members prepare
themselves very well
they keep an eye that how much security
was there at bellagio casino
how many people were there
who visits there and when the stock is
shifted
and many other activities
and apart from this they make exactly
the same copy of security vault of
bellagio casino
so that they could break it and check
the security system
so that when they go for robbery they
may not feel difficulty
here danny ocean comes to know that
his ex-wife who was divorced is current
girlfriend of terry
now as terry knows danny the day robbery
was planned he goes to the casino openly
so that he remains in everyone's eyes
when terry sees him he becomes
suspicious and makes him locked in a
room
here a bouncer comes to hit danny but he
had made the settings before
he had awarded the bouncer much money
before
he helps danny to go up to the floor
and all the team members enter from this
area and comes to room
so that they could approach the security
room
where that vault was present containing
much money
now they have reached the vault room
where the sees it
and the team starts working now we see
rusty who was carrying the mobile phone
the phone rings and he asks to put terry
on call
during the call he tells him that your
vault has been seized
now neither you can take the money out
nor any of your people can go inside
so it is better to take half of the
money and give the other half to me
you have only this option
when terry sees his vault from the
camera
he sees the room in very bad condition
he sees that thieves were inside the
room and it was locked from inside
now we see that a swat team which was
basically a police squad enters here
exchange of firing happens between the
swat team and people inside the vault
room
and here's what team run explosives as
the explosion happens the money inside
catches up the fire
after some time swat team evacuates from
there taking the necessary items
terry gets much worried and he sees the
video footage again and again
he realizes that some time ago he wrote
bellagio on the floor
that was not written now
so what happens actually
actually the security experts of the
danny team were showing him the fake
image
that was basically of their training
room and here danny and his team had
dodged them completely
now we see that the swat team was no
other but dany's team
and they don't pick their item from bags
rather the remaining amount of terry
they all go in front of them and no one
could judge
that these bags were containing money or
swat team weapons
now we see that danny ocean was locked
in the same room with the bouncer
where terry had locked him
terry was totally sure that danny was
behind all this but danny shows himself
innocent
and denies of any involvement in this
robbery
terry hands danny ocean over to police
in anger
although he had not any proof danny had
violated the rule that we knew at the
start of the movie
that he was not allowed to leave
california
but no he has come to las vegas
now we see danny's team as they plan to
distribute the money equally
they distribute the money and follow
their ways
after some months when danny ocean comes
out after punishment
we see rusty and turk outside the jail
who was there to pick danny
and they go far away from there
but terry was still suspicious about
this and we see terry's people were
following them
terry never forgot anything he knew dany
was behind all this
and he can find his money by following
them
and here the movie ends
if you have liked the movie please
subscribe and share the movie